[Applause]
meghan trainor is like if the sassy girl
you used to work with at express just
randomly had a singing from here Ricky
Martin more like inky barton hey James
Taylor we get it you've seen fire and
rain guess what
so have I and so have a lot of other
people isn't that special hashtag douche
honestly Little Big Town I'd rather
listen to a turd hitting the toilet than
your new songs common is that the motto
for your penis I can't stand this new Ed
Sheeran like why the do you have you and
your records indicate he's that well
Kelly Clarkson his on time time time to
go poop Charlie Wilson reminds me of
that old creepy uncle you weren't
allowed to be along with growing up I
could choose to punch one piece in the
face it would be Blake Shelton that
bloated
miss Khalifa smells like biz Markie's
toilet brush hey Josh Groban suck my big
tool subtle oMG Demi Lovato makes my
ears bleed STFU you talentless you're
gonna give me a heart attack
[Music]
like nine days also I think the killers
suck I'd rather listen to a bum
repeatedly clap my face
Drake looks like a ferret with her baby
afro don't understand the world's
obsession with one direction what is
attractive about little boys with gross
hair and skinny jeans if Lionel Richie
wants once twice three times a lady then
he's a picky you can get loose Joan
Rivers was still alive so she could tell
Rita Ora that she dresses like a bag of
I love how music takes you away to
another place like Mumford & Sons is
playing at this restaurant so now I'm
going to another restaurant
I'd rather listen to an auto-ship
auto-tuned queef play it on a continuous
loop then listen to Ariana Grande's new
album